`prefer-ternary`: Add `only-single-line` option (#1025)
sindresorhus/eslint-plugin-unicorn: docs/rules/prefer-ternary.md

	baz = 2;
}
```

## Options

Type: `string`\

> Default: `always`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Default: `'always'`
```

> - `always` (default)
> 	- Always check `IfStatement`
> - `only-single-line`
> 	- Only check if `test`, `consequent`, and `alternate` of `IfStatement` are single line

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `always` (default)
	- Always report when using an `IfStatement` where a ternary expression can be used.
- `only-single-line`
	- Only check if the content of the `IfStatement` is less than one line long.
```
Maybe we loose a bit in precision (I did not tell about `test`, `consequent` and `alternate`) but I think we gain in clarity as it uses broader terms.
I'm not bilingual though so there still might be a better way to formulate it 😄

Author: The content seems not clear, maybe   ``the content of `if` and `else` ``?

Reviewer 2: You're right, do you want me to edit my suggestion or do will you do a commit ?

Author: You  can  edit, or  maybe

`` the content of the condition,  `if` and `else` block ``.?

Reviewer 2: what about ``Only check if the content of the `if` and/or `else` block is less than one line long.``?
